Create traffic-policy-unit-pricing (#1529)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/pricing-limits/traffic-policy-unit-pricing.mdx

---
title: Traffic Policy Unit (TPU) Pricing

> description: Learn about how ngrok uses Traffic Processing Units (TPUs) to measure and charge for traffic policy usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: Traffic Policy Pricing
description: Learn about how ngrok uses Traffic Processing Units (TPUs) to measure and charge for traffic policy usage.
```

---
title: Traffic Policy Unit (TPU) Pricing
sidebar_label: Traffic Policy Pricing
description: Learn about how ngrok uses Traffic Processing Units (TPUs) to measure and charge for traffic policy usage.
---

> Traffic Processing Units (TPUs) are ngrok's usage-based unit for measuring how much processing your traffic policies perform. Instead of charging per request or connection, ngrok charges based on the combined cost of the actions, variables, and macros you use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Traffic Processing Units (TPUs) are ngrok’s usage-based metric for measuring the work your traffic policies perform. Because requests can include any mix of expressions, macros, and actions—often applied only to a subset of traffic—charging a flat rate per request or connection would usually result in overcharging. Instead, ngrok calculates TPUs dynamically for each request, based only on the parts of the traffic policy that were actually executed.
```

---
title: Traffic Policy Unit (TPU) Pricing
description: Learn about how ngrok uses Traffic Processing Units (TPUs) to measure and charge for traffic policy usage.
---

Traffic Processing Units (TPUs) are ngrok's usage-based unit for measuring how much processing your traffic policies perform. Instead of charging per request or connection, ngrok charges based combined cost of the actions, variables, and macros you use.

TPUs are sold in bundles of `100,000` for $1, and are deducted as your policies run.

## Actions, Expressions, and Variables

- [**Actions**](https://ngrok.com/docs/traffic-policy/concepts/actions/): Define what happens when a traffic policy rule matches (e.g. add headers, deny a request, forward traffic).

> - [**Expressions**](https://ngrok.com/docs/traffic-policy/concepts/expressions/): Conditions (written in CEL) that determine whether actions execute, based on request or connection properties.

Reviewer 3: I think this should be `Macros`
